# Welcome!

When I first learned Python nearly 25 years ago, I was immediately
struck by how I could productively apply it to all sorts of messy work
projects. Fast-forward a decade and I found myself teaching others the
same fun.  The result of that teaching is this course--A no-nonsense
treatment of Python that has been actively taught to more than 400
in-person groups since 2007.  Traders, systems admins, astronomers,
tinkerers, and even a few hundred rocket scientists who used Python to
help land a rover on Mars--they've all taken this course. Now, I'm
pleased to make it available under a Creative Commons license. Enjoy!

# 欢迎

大约在 25 年前，当我第一次学习 Python 时，我立刻被自己将如何把它高效地应用到各种混乱的工作项目中所打动。快进 10 年后，我发现自己也在将这种乐趣教给别人。教学的结果就是你所看到的 —— 一门简单实用的课程，自 2007 年以来，已经在线下教授了 400 多个小组。交易员、系统管理员、天文学家、修理工，甚至是几百名实用 Python 帮助火星车着陆的火箭科学家 —— 他们都学过这门课。现在，我很高兴能以知识共享许可的方式提供它。Enjoy！

[GitHub Pages](https://dabeaz-course.github.io/practical-python) | [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/dabeaz-course/practical-python).

--David Beazley ([https://dabeaz.com](https://dabeaz.com)), [@dabeaz](https://twitter.com/dabeaz)

## What is This?

The material you see here is the heart of an instructor-led Python
training course used for corporate training and professional
development. It has been in continual development since 2007 and
battle tested in real-world classrooms.  Usually, it's taught
in-person over the span of three or four days--requiring approximately
25-35 hours of intense work. This includes the completion of
approximately 130 hands-on coding exercises.

## 这是什么？

您在这里看到的材料是一个用于企业培训和职业发展的教师主导的 Python 培训课程的核心内容。自 2007 年以来，它一直在不断地发展，并在现实世界的课堂上经过了实战检验。通常，它是在三四天的时间内进行面授 —— 大约需要 25-35 小时的专注学习。这包括完成大约 130 个实践编码练习。

## Target Audience

Students of this course are usually professional scientists,
engineers, and programmers who already have experience in at least one
other programming language. No prior knowledge of Python is required,
but knowledge of common programming topics is assumed.  Most
participants find the course challenging--even if they've already been
doing a bit of Python programming.

## 目标受众

本课程的学生通常是专业的科学家、工程师和程序员，他们已经有至少一种其他编程语言的经验。不需要提前有过 Python 的经验，但是需要对常见的编程主题有一定的了解。大多数学员会觉得这门课程很有挑战性 —— 即使他们已经写过一些 Python 的代码了。

## Course Objectives

The goal of this course is to cover foundational aspects of Python
programming with an emphasis on script writing, data manipulation, and
program organization.  By the end of this course, students should be
able to start writing useful Python programs on their own or be able
to understand and modify Python code written by their
coworkers.

## 课程目标

本课程的目标是涵盖 Python 编程的基础方面，重点是脚本编写、数据操作和程序组织。在本课程结束时，学生应该能够开始自己编写有用的 Python 程序，或者能够理解和修改同事编写的 Python 代码。

## Requirements

To complete this course, you need nothing more than a basic
installation of Python 3.6 or newer and time to work on it.

## 课程要求

要完成本课程，您只需要安装 Python 3.6 或更新的版本，以及腾出学习本课程的时间。

## What This Course is Not

This is not a course for absolute beginners on how to program a
computer.  It is assumed that you already have programming experience
in some other programming language or Python itself.

This is not a course on web development.  That's a different
circus. However, if you stick around for this circus, you'll still see
some interesting acts--just nothing involving animals.

This is not a course for software engineers on how to write or
maintain a one-million line Python application. I don't write programs
like that, nor do most companies who use Python, and neither should
you. Delete something already!

## 这门课程不包含的内容

这不是一门针对初学者的计算机编程课，需要你之前已经有了其他语言或者 Python 本身的编程经验。

这不是一门关于网络开发的课程，那是另外一个主题。

这不是一门为软件工程师开设的如何编写或维护一个百万行 Python 应用程序的课程。我不写这样的程序，大多数使用 Python 的公司也不写，你也不应该写。

## Take me to the Course Already!

Ok, ok. Point your browser [HERE](Notes/Contents.md)!

## 带我去看课程！

Ok，ok，把你的浏览器指向[这里](Notes/Contents.md)！

## Community Discussion

Want to discuss the course?  You can join the conversation on
[Gitter](https://gitter.im/dabeaz-course/practical-python).  I can't
promise an individual response, but perhaps others can jump in to help.

## 社区讨论

想讨论课程吗？你可以在 [Gitter](https://gitter.im/dabeaz-course/practical-python) 上加入对话。我不能保证个人的回应，但也许其他人可以跳出来帮忙。

## Acknowledgements

Llorenç Muntaner was instrumental in converting the course content from
Apple Keynote to the online structure that you see here.

Various instructors have presented this course at one time or another
over the last 12 years. This includes (in alphabetical order): Ned
Batchelder, Juan Pablo Claude, Mark Fenner, Michael Foord, Matt
Harrison, Raymond Hettinger, Daniel Klein, Travis Oliphant, James
Powell, Michael Selik, Hugo Shi, Ian Stokes-Rees, Yarko Tymciurak,
Bryan Van de ven, Peter Wang, and Mark Wiebe.

I'd also like to thank the thousands of students who have taken this
course and contributed to its success with their feedback and
discussion.

## 鸣谢

Llorenç Muntaner在将课程内容从Apple Keynote转换为您在这里看到的在线版本方面发挥了重要作用。

在过去的12年里，不同的讲师曾在不同的时间里讲过这门课程。其中包括（按字母顺序排列）。Ned Batchelder、Juan Pablo Claude、Mark Fenner、Michael Foord、Matt Harrison、Raymond Hettinger、Daniel Klein、Travis Oliphant、James Powell、Michael Selik、Hugo Shi、Ian Stokes-Rees、Yarko Tymciurak、Bryan Van de ven、Peter Wang 和 Mark Wiebe。

我还要感谢成千上万的学生，他们学习了这门课程，并通过反馈和讨论为课程的成功做出了贡献。

## Questions and Answers

## 问题和答案

### Q: Are there course videos I can watch?

No. This course is about you writing Python code, not watching someone else.

### Q: 有课程视频可以看吗？

没有，这个课程是让你编写 Python 代码，而不是看什么东西。

### Q: How is this course licensed?

Practical Python Programming is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 International License.

### Q: 这个课程是如何授权的？

Practical Python Programming 采用知识共享署名 ShareAlike 4.0 国际许可协议进行授权。

### Q: May I use this material to teach my own Python course?

Yes, as long as appropriate attribution is given.

### Q: 我可以使用这些材料来教授我自己的 Python 课程吗？

可以，只要给出适当的来源归属。

### Q: May I make derivative works?

Yes, as long as such works carry the same license terms and provide attribution.

### Q: 我可以制作衍生作品吗？

可以，只要这些作品带有相同的许可条款并提供归属。

### Q: Can I translate this to another language?

Yes, that would be awesome.  Send me a link when you're done.

### Q: 我可以把它翻译成其他语言吗？

可以，这将是非常棒的。完成后请给我发送一个链接。

### Q: Can I live-stream the course or make a video?

Yes, go for it!  You'll probably learn a lot of Python doing that.

### Q: 我可以直播课程或制作视频吗？

可以，去做吧！你可能在这个过程中会学到很多 Python 知识。

### Q: Why wasn't topic X covered?

There is only so much material that you can cover in 3-4 days.  If
it wasn't covered, it was probably because it was once covered and it
caused everyone's head to explode or there was never enough time to
cover it in the first place.   Also, this is a course, not a Python
reference manual.

### Q: 为什么没有讲到主题 X？

在 3-4 天的时间里，你只能学到这么多内容。如果没有讲到，可能是因为曾经讲到过，导致大家头都炸了，或者一开始就没有足够的时间去讲。另外，这是一门课程，不是 Python 参考手册。

### Q: Do you accept pull requests?

Bug reports are appreciated and may be filed through the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/dabeaz-course/practical-python/issues).
Pull requests are not accepted except by invitation. Please file an issue first.

### Q: 你们接收 pull 请求吗？

我们很感谢 Bug 报告，可以通过 [issue tracker](https://github.com/dabeaz-course/practical-python/issues) 来进行提交。除非是邀请，否则不接受 pull 请求，请先在 issue 中提交一个问题。

